Listen, our crew boarded
that transport
To selflessly rescue
imperial prisoners.
They have no idea
they walked into a trap,
No idea what's coming.
You need to
go warn them, ezra.
No, it's too late
for them, hera.
We should run now
while --
You don't mean that.
I do.
I swear I do.
Which is why I can't believe
I'm doing this.
I can.
Welcome aboard,
agent kallus.
The rebels are headed
for the brig,
Where quite the surprise
awaits.
No guards
on the door.
Just set the detonator
So we can get the wookiees
out of here.
[ detonator beeps ]
At least things seem
to be going smoother
Than our last op.
Ezra: It's a trap!
We got to get out of here.
It's a trap!
Karabast! The kid's
blowing another op.
It's not an op.
It's a trap.
Hera sent me
to warn you.
Run!
We need to warn
sabine and chopper,
But they've jammed
the com.
They'll follow the plan.
It'll be fine.
Yeah, 'cause the plan's
gone just great so far.
Chopper:
[ grumbles ]
Chopper, stop grumbling
and work that gravity generator.
[ groans ]
Don't stop!
I've got
the backup ready.
Push off now!
Now.
Kallus:
What the--
Artificial gravity is down
for two minutes.
Hey! Aah!
[ detonators beeping ]
Chopper:
[ chattering ]
[ grunting ]
You doing okay, kid?
You kidding?
Aah!
Sabine: Five, four --
get ready--
Two, one.
Now!
[ both grunt ]
Where are
the wookiees?
No wookiees.
Sabine,
man the nose gun.
Chop, tell hera
to take off.
Uh...Right!
[ gasps ]
let go!
Kid,
get out of the way!
I'm trying!
Sorry, kid!
You did good.
[ breathing heavily ]
There --
airlock shut.
Hera: We're out of here!
[ sighs ]
Chop, jam
their tractor beam!
[ warbles ]
Man: Attention, rebel ship --
surrender or be destroyed.
This is your first
and last warning.
[ comlink beeps ]
blow it out
your exhaust vent.
[ chuckles ]
literally.
Hera: Sabine.
[ detonators beep rapidly ]
Aw, I can't see it
from here.
How'd it look?
Gorgeous, sabine,
as always.
[ engine whirring ]
[ sighs ]
the whole thing was
a setup.
You think vizago was
in on it?
He'd sell his mother to jawas
for a couple credits.
But we're a source
of income for him.
Even odds,
he didn't know.
The kid did
all right.
He did okay.
Where is he?
I, uh, thought
he was with you.
Zeb, what did you do
to him?
I didn't do anything
to him.
But that I.S.B. Agent
grabbed him.
What?!
The kid got grabbed,
okay?
Garazeb orrelios!
Oh, come on!
We were dumping him
after the mission anyway.
This saves us fuel.
They'll go easy on him.
He's just a kid.
I am agent kallus of
the imperial security bureau.
And you are?
Jabba the hutt.
Look, I just met
those guys today.
I don't know anything.
You're not here
for what you know, "jabba."
You're here
to be used as bait
Upon our return to lothal.
Bait?
You seriously think --
Wow. You're about as bright
as a binary droid.
They're not gonna come
for me.
People don't do that.
[ breathes deeply ]
[ sighs ]
Search him,
then secure him here.
Hey, get off me!
Let go!
"you need to
go warn them, ezra."
What was I thinking?
[ grunts ]
And, of course, the only thing
I manage to hold on to
Is this worthless piece of --
[ groans ]
[ sighs ]
[ breathes deeply ]
This is
master obi-wan kenobi.
I regret to report
That both our jedi order
and the republic have fallen,
With the dark shadow
of the empire...
[ gasps ]
...Rising
to take their place.
This message
is a warning
And a reminder
for any surviving jedi --
Trust in the force.
No. No, no.
No way!
You cannot be serious!
It's our fault
he was there.
Come on, hera!
We just met this kid.
We're not going back
for him!
They'll be waiting for us.
We can't save him.
Chopper:
[ grumbles ]
What?
What did he say?
He voted with me.
That's two against two.
Kanan, you have
the deciding vote.
Ezra: [ muffled ] and you
bucketheads are gonna be sorry
When my uncle, the emperor,
Finds out you're keeping me here
against my will!
I guarantee
he'll make a personal...
[ coughs ]
example...
[ choking ]
Bye, guys.
[ comlink static crackles ]
Man:
The delay was insignificant.
The transport ship
agent kallus diverted
Will dock on kessel
within two hours.
The wookiees will be off-loaded
to work spice mine k-77.
Man #2: This is
stormtrooper ls-005
Reporting to agent kallus.
Kallus here.
Sir,
t-the prisoner's gone.
What? I knew the boy
would act as bait,
But I never dreamed
The rebels would
be foolish enough
To attack a destroyer.
How did they get aboard?
Sir, the rebels didn't free him.
He, uh --
Agent kallus,
there's a security breach...
...In the lower hangar.
I don't know how,
But the rebel ship approached
without alerting our sensors.
Ezra: They came back!
[ clang ]
Oh! Ow!
Oh, I don't believe it.
Kallus: Order all stormtroopers
to converge on the lower hangar.
I'll meet them there.
Ezra:
[ clears throat ]
[ deep voice ]
this is trooper ls-123
Reporting intruders
in the upper hangar.
Sir, I believe
the lower hangar is a diversion.
Kallus:
Maybe, maybe not.
Squads five through eight,
divert to upper hangar.
The rest,
converge as ordered.
Ezra: [ normal voice ]
well, every little bit helps.
Find ezra.
I'll be ready.
[ alarm blaring ]
Hold this bay
till we get back.
Sabine:
And this time,
Try not to leave
until everyone's back aboard.
That was not my fault!
Ezra:
Well, that's debatable.
First you ditch me,
then you hit me?
How was I supposed to know
it was you?
You were wearing
a bucket!
Spectre-1 to  ghost,
we're leaving.
Zeb: Oh, no!
This time
you board first!
Ghost,
raise the ramp.
Aim for shield generator
and engines.
Do not let them --
[ sniffs ]
Take cover!
[ detonator beeps ]
[ wind howling ]
Aah!
Turn on the shield!
[ switch beeps ]
[ engine whirring ]
[ sighs ]
Welcome aboard --
again.
Thanks.
Thank you.
I really didn't think
you'd come back for me.
I'll get you home now.
I'm sure your parents
must be worried sick.
I don't have parents.
And you've got
somewhere else to be.
Chopper:
[ warbles ]
I know where they're really
taking the wookiees.
Have you heard of
the spice mines of kessel?
Slaves sent there
last a few months,
Maybe a year.
And for wookiees
born in the forest,
It's a death sentence.
Then I guess
we better go save them.
Chopper:
[ clicks ]
"we"?
Come this far.
Might as well
finish the job.
Setting course
for kessel.
[ engine whirring ]
Stormtrooper: One of the rebels
was using this helmet.
The transmitter was on.
[ wookiees grunting lightly ]
[ whimpers ]
[ grunts ]
Stormtrooper:
Keep moving!
[ growls ]
Try not to get dead.
Don't want to carry
your body out.
[ wookiees grunting ]
[ both growl ]
Hey, hey.
I'm here to help.
[ both growl ]
[ wookies growling ]
[ screams ]
[ wookie roars ]
[ growls ]
[ tie fighter engine
buzzing ]
[ all gasp ]
[ gasps ]
We're hit!
Chopper, aft gun!
Chopper:
[ chatters ]
Take them down!
[ blaster fire ]
[ roars ]
[ growls ]
[ whimpers ]
He'll be okay.
I've got him.
[ roars ]
I can't maintain position!
[ comlink beeps ]
go! Lead the ties away
And give yourself
maneuvering room!
Hera:
I am not leaving you behind!
No, you're not.
We're running a 22-pickup.
Sabine: Seriously?
You have
a better option?
Jump into the pit
and get it over with?
Hera: All right, I'll be back.
Make sure you're ready.
"22-pickup"?
Care to let me in
on the secret?
Kid, I'm about to let
everyone in on the secret.
Whoa.
[ wookies growling ]
All troopers,
focus your fire on --
On the jedi.
Time to go!
Right.
Everyone,
into the container!
[ wookies growling ]
[ roaring ]
Kid, stop!
Karabast.
I swear,
if he's left behind again,
It's not my fault!
Chopper:
[ warbles ]
Zeb,
hera's incoming!
Get in,
you fur balls, now!
[ wookies growling ]
Kanan, I think
you inspired the kid
Into, well, doing something
like you would do!
[ growls ]
Hey!
[ wind whistles ]
[ screams ]
Gotcha!
Hera:
Magnetic seal locked.
I hate this part.
[ growls ]
Kallus:
It's over for you, jedi.
A master
and an apprentice --
Such a rare find
these days.
I don't know where you get
your delusions, buckethead.
I work alone.
Kanan:
Not this time.
Jump, kid!
Stormtrooper: First jedi
you've ever seen, sir?
[ screams ]
[ wookies growling softly ]
[ growls ]
[ both growling ]
[ roars ]
Um, he says
if we ever need help,
The wookiees
will be there.
[ growls ]
Good luck, kitwarr.
Try to stay out of trouble.
[ growls ]
[ chuckles ]
look who's talking.
So...I guess
you drop me off next?
[ switch beeps ]
Uh, yeah.
[ clears throat ]
Finally, right?
[ chuckles ]
Right.
[ sighs ]
Oh.
Uh, sorry.
Chopper:
[ chattering ]
[ warbles ]
Chopper:
[ whines ]
[ sighs ]
so, uh, see you around?
Not if we see you first.
[ chuckles ]
[ grunts ]
Don't worry --
you won't.
I think you have something
that belongs to me.
Good luck saving
the galaxy.
He opened it.
He passed the test.
What's the force?
The force
is everywhere.
It surrounds us
and penetrates us.
It binds the galaxy
together.
And it's strong
with you, ezra.
Otherwise, you'd never have been
able to open the holocron.
So, what do you want?
To offer you a choice.
You can keep
the lightsaber you stole,
Let it become
just another dusty souvenir,
Or you can give it back
and come with us --
Come with me, and be trained
in the ways of the force.
You can learn what it
truly means to be a jedi.
I thought the empire wiped out
all the jedi.
Not all of us.
This is
master obi-wan kenobi.
I regret to report
That both our jedi order
and the republic have fallen,
With the dark shadow
of the empire...
...Rising
to take their place.
This message is a warning
And a reminder
for any surviving jedi --
Trust in the force.
Do not return to the temple.
That time has passed,
And our future is uncertain.
We will each be challenged --
Our trust, our faith,
Our friendships.
But we must persevere,
And in time,
a new hope will emerge.
May the force be with you...
Always.
[ holocron warbles ]
Excuse the intrusion,
inquisitor.
But in the course
of my duties,
I have encountered
a rebel cell.
The leader of that cell
made good use...
Of a lightsaber.
Ah, agent kallus.
You did well to call.